gh-74453: Deprecate os.path.commonprefix (#144436)
python/cpython: Doc/deprecations/pending-removal-in-future.rst

* :mod:`os`: Calling :func:`os.register_at_fork` in a multi-threaded process.

* :mod:`os.path`: :func:`os.path.commonprefix` is deprecated, use

>   :func:`os.path.commonpath` for path prefixes.

Reviewer: It may be interesting to explain how commonprefix() is misleading and can lead to security issues.

Same remark for commonprefix() deprecation documentation below.

Author: Thanks Victor, I've added a blurb in three places (deprecation, doc, and news). Let me know if this blurb needs tweaking, happy to update them all.

>   :func:`os.path.commonpath` or :func:`string.commonprefix` instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  :func:`os.path.commonpath` for path prefixes or
  :func:`string.commonprefix` for string prefixes.
```
